meta(changelog): Update CHANGELOG for 7.51.0 (#8042)
getsentry/sentry-javascript: CHANGELOG.md

- "You miss 100 percent of the chances you don't take. — Wayne Gretzky" — Michael Scott

## 7.51.0

### Important Changes

- **feat(sveltekit): Auto-wrap `load` functions with proxy module (#7994)**

`@sentry/sveltekit` now auto-wraps load functions in

* `+(page|layout).(ts|js)` files (universal loads)
* `+(page|layout).server.(ts|js)` files (server-only loads)

- **chore(angular): Upgrade `peerDependencies` to Angular 16 (#8035)**

We now officially support Angular 16 in `@sentry/angular-ivy`.
Note that `@sentry/angular` _does not_ support Angular 16.

### Additional Features and Fixes

- feat(browser): Export makeMultiplexedTransport from browser SDK (#8012)

> - feat(node): Add ability to send cron monitor check ins (#8039)

Author: Sure! Wasn't 100% sure if we want to "promote" that yet, I'll add a snippet 👍

> - feat(node): Add ability to send cron monitor check ins (#8039)

Author: added this to the notable features!

- "You miss 100 percent of the chances you don't take. — Wayne Gretzky" — Michael Scott

## 7.51.0

### Important Changes

> - **feat(sveltekit): Auto-wrap `load` functions with proxy module (#7994)**
> 
> `@sentry/sveltekit` now auto-wraps load functions in
> 
> * `+(page|layout).(ts|js)` files (universal loads)
> * `+(page|layout).server.(ts|js)` files (server-only loads)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **feat(sveltekit): Auto-wrap `load` functions with proxy module (#7994)**

`@sentry/sveltekit` now auto-wraps `load` functions in

* `+(page|layout).(ts|js)` files (universal loads)
* `+(page|layout).server.(ts|js)` files (server-only loads)

This means that you don't have to manually add the `wrapLoadWithSentry` and `wrapServerLoadWithSentry` functions around your load functions. The SDK will not interfere with already wrapped `load` functions.

For more details, take a look at the [Readme](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-javascript/blob/develop/packages/sveltekit/README.md#configure-auto-instrumentation)

```

- "You miss 100 percent of the chances you don't take. — Wayne Gretzky" — Michael Scott

## 7.51.0

### Important Changes

- **feat(sveltekit): Auto-wrap `load` functions with proxy module (#7994)**

`@sentry/sveltekit` now auto-wraps `load` functions in

* `+(page|layout).(ts|js)` files (universal loads)
* `+(page|layout).server.(ts|js)` files (server-only loads)

This means that you don't have to manually add the `wrapLoadWithSentry` and `wrapServerLoadWithSentry` functions around your load functions. The SDK will not interfere with already wrapped `load` functions.

For more details, take a look at the [Readme](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-javascript/blob/develop/packages/sveltekit/README.md#configure-auto-instrumentation)

- **chore(angular): Upgrade `peerDependencies` to Angular 16 (#8035)**

We now officially support Angular 16 in `@sentry/angular-ivy`.
Note that `@sentry/angular` _does not_ support Angular 16.

- **feat(node): Add ability to send cron monitor check ins (#8039)**

> Sentry has a [cron monitoring product](https://docs.sentry.io/product/crons/)! This PR adds cron monitoring support to the Node SDK, so you can use the SDK to easily monitor your cron jobs!
> 
> To send a check in to Sentry, simply use the `captureCheckIn` method exported from the SDK. First you must send an `in_progress`, checkin, then you can send one with status `ok` or `error` based on what happened with your cron job.

Reviewer 2: I actually dislike how I wrote this. Can we have this instead?

```suggestion
This release adds [Sentry cron monitoring](https://docs.sentry.io/product/crons/) support to the Node SDK.

To monitor your cron jobs, send check-ins everytime you execute your cron jobs to Sentry. You can do this with the `captureCheckIn` method exported from the SDK. First you must send an `in_progress`, checkin, then you can send one with status `ok` or `error` based on what happened with your cron job.
```
